2020-07-01 new storage driveway in front of the house

# Charter

I need a place to store my car while it is unregistered and off road.

Additionally, the eventual insurance is significantly lower if the car is on a close-able driveway rather than a street.

### Objective
Convert the house front to a storage driveway

### Measurable success criteria
My car stands safely on the driveway

### Overall project risk
Annoying my neighbour

Exposing the front windows to more visibility

Too much rain

### Key stakeholders
* Myself
* Andy - neighbour 1
* Mike - neighbour 2
* Sov - he will be disturbed for a while
* My car
### Early exit criteria
* the ground may be too soft
* I might get a job in the meantime
### Project manager
Myself

### Requirements
* the entrance must be wide enough
* Some bushes should remain, esp. the boundary bush


### Scope and WBS
* [ ] M0 calculate the cost of insurance for 3 months. Calculate the cost of the resources needed. Compare.
* [ ] M1 communicate with stakeholders, esp. Andy and Sov - 1 day
* [ ] M2 Figure out how to dispose of the scrap wood. - 1 day
* [ ] M3 Cut out the bushes myself -- use electric saw - 2 days
* [ ] M4 make sure there is no hard pillars sticking out - 1 day
* [ ] M5 put wooden planks where the wheels will be to spread the load and make sure that the tires won't be punctured - 1 day
* [ ] M6 ove the car to the new location - 1 hour
* [ ] M7 close the project - 3 hours
* * [ ] archive photos
* * [ ] thank the stalkeholders

total cost: ~ 7 days.

### Cost
New planks
Disposing of wood
(rejected, out of scope)optional wood shredder

### Risks
* health and safety
	* use glasses, hat, use thick gloves
* Noise
	* use basic noise cancelling headphones

### Resources - tools

* Axe
* Large garden scissors
* Electric saw
* Vibration saw
* Angle grinder
* Gloves, Glasses, sun hat
* Sawing table
* wood burning barrel
* The plan
* camera
* Space in front of the house - 5.5m x 2.1m

### Benefits management plan

* The car is safe indefinetely
* No need to pay for the insurance
* can store stuff in the car
* Car available later as needed
* Can go and rest in the car.









